# Basic-Functions-II-CodingDojo
### Python-Fundamental-fundamentals
* 1-Countdown: Create a function that accepts a number as input. Returns a new list counting one at a time, from number (as element 0) to 0 (as last element). Example: countdown(5) should return [5,4,3,2,1,0]
* 2-Print and Return: Create a function that receives a list of two numbers. Print the first value and return the second. Example: print_and_return([1,2]) should print 1 and return 2
* 3-First Plus Length: Create a function that accepts a list and returns the sum of the first value in the list, plus the length of the list. Example: first_plus_length([1,2,3,4,5]) should return 6 (first value: 1 +length: 5)
* 4-Values ​​greater than second: Write a function that accepts a list and creates a new one containing only those values ​​from the original list that are greater than its second value. Print how many values ​​there are and then return the new list. If the list has less than 2 elements, make the function return False. Example: values_greater_than_second([5,2,3,2,1,4]) should print 3 and return [5,3,4]. Example: values_greater_than_the_second([3]) should return False
* 5-This Length, That Value: Write a function that accepts two integers as parameters: size and value. The function should create and return a list whose length is equal to the given size, and whose values ​​are all the given value. Example: length_and_value(4,7) should return [7,7,7,7]. Example: length_and_value(6,2) should return [2,2,2,2,2,2]
